Lwm2m updates from upstream Zephyr (#11933)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The sample to use the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_obj_pgps_request_create` to create a P-GPS request.

* :ref:`lwm2m_client` sample:

  * Added:

>     * Added overlay for using DTLS Connection Identifier. This significantly reduces DTLS handshake overhead when doing LwM2M Update operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * An overlay for using DTLS Connection Identifier.
      This significantly reduces the DTLS handshake overhead when doing the LwM2M Update operation.
```

  * Updated:

>     * Sample now uses tickless operating mode from Zephyr's LwM2M engine which does not cause device wake up in 500 ms intervall anymore. This allows device to achieve 2 uA current usage while in PSM sleep mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The sample now uses tickless operating mode from Zephyr's LwM2M engine which does not cause device wake-up in 500 ms interval anymore. 
      This allows the device to achieve 2 uA of current usage while in PSM sleep mode.
```

    * Support for using pre-provisioned X.509 certificates.
    * Support for using DTLS Connection Identifier

  * Updated:

>     * Zephyr's LwM2M Connectivity Monitor object now uses 16 bit value for radio signal strength so it does not roll over on values smaller than -126 dBm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Zephyr's LwM2M Connectivity Monitor object now uses a 16-bit value for radio signal strength so it does not roll over on values smaller than -126 dBm.
```
